Session Object
-> A Session object stores information about, or change settings for a user session.

More Examples
Set and return the LCID
Set or return an integer that specifies a location or region. Contents like date, time, and currency will be displayed according to that location or region.
Return the SessionID
Return a unique id for each user. The id is generated by the server.
A session's timeout
Set and return the timeout (in minutes) of a session.

Session Object
When you are working with an application on your computer, you open it, do some changes and then you close it. This is much like a Session. The computer knows who you are. It knows when you open the application and when you close it. However, on the internet there is one problem: the web server does not know who you are and what you do, because the HTTP address doesn't maintain state. 
ASP solves this problem by creating a unique cookie for each user. The cookie is sent to the user's computer and it contains information that identifies the user. This interface is called the Session object. 
The Session object stores information about, or change settings for a user session.
Variables stored in a Session object hold information about one single user, and are available to all pages in one application. Common information stored in session variables are name, id, and preferences. The server creates a new Session object for each new user, and destroys the Session object when the session expires. 
The Session object's collections, properties, methods, and events are described below:

Collections
Contents - Contains all the items appended to the session through a script command
StaticObjects - Contains all the objects appended to the session with the HTML <object> tag

Properties
CodePage - Specifies the character set that will be used when displaying dynamic content
LCID - Sets or returns an integer that specifies a location or region. Contents like date, time, and currency will be displayed according to that location or region
SessionID - Returns a unique id for each user. The unique id is generated by the server
Timeout - Sets or returns the timeout period (in minutes) for the Session object in this application

Methods
Abandon - Destroys a user session
Contents.Remove - Deletes an item from the Contents collection
Contents.RemoveAll() - Deletes all items from the Contents collection

Events
Session_OnEnd - Occurs when a session ends
Session_OnStart - Occurs when a session starts
